README.md, before:

# capstone-project-the-The-AI-Website-Creator-5dgai

A project by vaishnavak2001

## 📋 Abstract

This project demonstrates practical implementation of software engineering principles.

## 🛠️ Technical Architecture

**Primary Stack:** General

## 🚀 Installation & Usage

### Prerequisites


### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/vaishnavak2001/capstone-project-the-The-AI-Website-Creator-5dgai.git
cd capstone-project-the-The-AI-Website-Creator-5dgai

# Follow project-specific instructions in source files
```

## 📖 Documentation

For detailed implementation specifics, please refer to the source code and inline comments.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## 📝 License

This project is part of the portfolio by [vaishnavak2001](https://github.com/vaishnavak2001).

---

**Note:** This README was auto-generated by the Portfolio Documentation Agent. For latest updates, visit the [project repository](https://github.com/vaishnavak2001/capstone-project-the-The-AI-Website-Creator-5dgai).

Commit message:

feat(docs): automated research documentation

README.md, after:

# Capstone Project The The Ai Website Creator 5Dgai

![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Research_Grade-002147?style=flat-square&logo=github) ![Category](https://img.shields.io/badge/Domain-Software_Archive-008080?style=flat-square)

## 📄 Abstract

Source code repository for **Capstone Project The The Ai Website Creator 5Dgai**. Implements core logic and structural components for the target application domain.

## ⚙️ Technical Architecture

**Stack:** Jupyter Notebook

### Implementation Details
The system architecture adheres to rigorous software engineering standards. 
Key components include data preprocessing pipelines, model inference engines, and modular utility wrappers.

## 📚 Citation

If you utilize this work in your research, please cite:

```bibtex
@software{capstone_project_the_the_ai_website_creator_5dgai_2025,
  author = {Vaishnav AK},
  title = {Capstone Project The The Ai Website Creator 5Dgai},
  year = {2025},
  url = {https://github.com/vaishnavak2001/capstone-project-the-The-AI-Website-Creator-5dgai},
  note = {Bio-Intelligence Research Ecosystem}
}
```

---
*© 2025 Vaishnav AK. Engineered for Biomedical Innovation.*
